what I don't care for are only 26
alphabet letters create nor others
we have to fill 40 pages in tonight
what a day to sayings come here for
parker ok wanted to see me sir if i did
I wanted to congratulate you for not doing
totally crap for once these
spider photos are really good now
tell me how do you approach a given one
spy anyway i guess i have a
some sense for these things like a
spider sense
[Music]
just right because i thought you in
reality 6 spider man
that is, this would explain why to hit
to have shoes close to him
in short, what was me and this was true
would also explain the photo he has
uploaded to facebook this morning
well possible and the linesmen the green
goblin I'm talking about consumer prada
board really where
Damn I thought I had more time
I'm about to leave
now I 'm not telling anyone about this thing
see Monday
already
what a strange boy well we see that
we have like the next appointment yes
and the sayings can let this bruce enter
wayne please do she never did
[Music]